Create agent-policies.asciidoc (#469)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/agent-policies.asciidoc

[[agent-policy]
[role="xpack"]
= {agent} policies

++++
<titleabbrev>Policies</titleabbrev>
++++

beta[]

A {policy} is a collection of inputs and settings that defines the data to be collected
by {agent}. Each {agent} can only be enrolled in a single {policy}.

Within an {agent} {policy} is a set of individual integration policies.
These integration policies define the settings for each input type.
The available settings in an integration relate to the version of
the integration in use–newer functionality can be exposed in this manner over time.

{fleet} uses {agent} policies in two ways:

* Policies are stored in plain-text yaml and sent to each {agent} to configure its inputs.
* Policies provide a visual representation of an {agent}s configuration
in the {fleet} UI.

[discrete]
[[policy-benefits]]
== Policy benefits

{agent} policies allow you to indicate an intended logical grouping of inputs aimed for a particular set of hosts.
This allows you maintain flexibility in large-scale deployments by
easily testing changes before rolling them out,

> and providing a way to group and manage larger swaths of your infrastructure landscape.

Reviewer: niiiiice

By default, each policy enables the _system_ integration, which collects system information and metrics.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/create-agent-policy.png[{fleet} in {kib}]

. Click *Create agent policy*.

TIP: Consider leaving the `Default` policy unchanged and unused.
It can serve as a useful comparison tool if you run into problems.

[discrete]
[[add-integration]]
== Add an integration to a policy

Policies consist of one or more integrations.
To add a new integration to a policy:

. In {fleet}, click *Policies*.

. Click the name of the policy you want to add an integration to.

. Click *Add integration*.

. Search for and select an integration.
Configure the integration by naming it, and adding any required configuration variables.

. Click *Save integration*.
This will save the integration policy as a part of the larger {agent} {policy}.
{fleet} will distribute this new {policy} to all {agent}s that are enrolled with it.

After the {policy} has finished applying, the selected integration will be running on the host
and communicating with the {agent}!

[discrete]
[[apply-a-policy]]
== Apply a policy

> 

Reviewer: Will do

[discrete]
[[copy-policy]]
== Copy a policy

Policy definitions are stored in plain-text yaml that can be downloaded or copied to another policy:

. In {fleet}, click *Policies*.
Click on the name of the policy you want to copy or download.

. To copy a policy, click *Actions* > *Copy policy*.
Name the new policy, and provide a description.
The exact policy definition will be copied to the new policy.
+
Alternatively, view and download the policy definition by clicking *Actions* > *View policy*.

[discrete]
[[policy-main-settings]]
== Edit or delete a policy

High-level configurations like a policy's name, description, default namespace,
and agent monitoring status can be changed as necessary:

. In {fleet}, click *Policies*.
Click on the name of the policy you want to edit or delete.

. Click the *Settings* tab, make changes, and click *Save changes*
+
Alternatively, click *Delete policy* to delete the policy.
Existing data will not be deleted.
Any agents assigned to a policy must be unenrolled before a policy can be deleted.

[discrete]
[[integration-updates]]
== Integration updates

Elastic releases integration updates periodically.

> Integrations are delivered to the Elastic Stack, via the online Elastic Package Registry
> and the {kib} Elastic Package Manager. When a new Integration is released by Elastic,
> it will show up in the Integrations listing in {kib} after a restart (like during a stack upgrade).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Through the online Elastic Package Registry and the {kib} Elastic Package Manager, Integrations are delivered to the {stack}. When Elastic releases a new Integration, it shows up in the Integrations listing in {kib} after a restart (like during a stack upgrade).
```

// to do: link to the Fleet API docs
A refresh can also be triggered manually, with the Fleet API.

> NOTE: The latest, shipped Elastic Package registry version of an integration is the only version
> that can be integrated into {agent} policies. Previously installed versions will continue to work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The latest Elastic Package registry version of an Integration is the only version
integrated into {agent} policies. Previously installed versions will continue to work.
```

[discrete]
[[update-an-integration]]
=== Update an integration

. In {fleet}, click *Integrations*.
Search for and select the integration you'd like to update.

. If an update is available, click *Update*.
+
Because updates can change the behavior of hosts,

> they must be explicitly request in the {fleet} app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they must be explicitly requested in the {fleet} app.
```

. <<create-a-policy,Create a new policy>>.

. <<add-integration,Add the integration to the policy>>.

> The newer version will automatically be used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The newer version is automatically used
```

. <<apply-a-policy,Apply the policy>> to an {agent}.
+

> TIP: In larger deployments, integration updates should be tested on a sample {agent}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TIP: In larger deployments, you should test integration updates on a sample {agent}
```

before rolling out a larger upgrade initiative.
Only after a small trial is deemed successful should the updated policy be
<<roll-out-an-integration,rolled out all hosts>>.

[discrete]
[[roll-out-an-integration]]
=== Roll-out an integration update

After successfully testing an integration update,
it can be safely rolled-out to additional hosts:

. In {fleet}, click *Policies*.
Click on the name of the policy you want to edit or delete.

. Search or scroll to a specific integration.
Open the *Actions* menu and select *Delete integration*.

. Click *Add integration* and re-add the freshly deleted integration.
The updated version will be used and applied to all {agent}s.

. Repeat this process for each policy with the out-of-date integration.

NOTE: In some instances, for example, when there are hundreds or thousands of different {agent}s and
policies that need to be updated, this upgrade path is not feasible.
In this case, update one policy and use the <<copy-policy>> action to apply the updated policy versions to additional policies.

> The downside of this method is losing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method's downside is losing
```

> the granularity of assessing the individual Integration version changes individually across {policies}.

Reviewer 2: Should the attribute be {policy}'s? Looks like the attribute could be used in a few other sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the granularity of assessing the individual Integration version changes individually across policies.
```

[[agent-policy]
[role="xpack"]
= {agent} policies

++++
<titleabbrev>Policies</titleabbrev>
++++

beta[]

A {policy} is a collection of inputs and settings that defines the data to be collected
by {agent}. Each {agent} can only be enrolled in a single {policy}.

Within an {agent} {policy} is a set of individual integration policies.
These integration policies define the settings for each input type.
The available settings in an integration relate to the version of

> the integration in use–newer functionality can be exposed in this manner over time.

Author: looking at 'use-newer' I feel like maybe a ; would work better?  It confused me when I read it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the integration in use; newer functionality can be exposed in this manner over time.
```

Of course, if you make a mistake, you can always re-configure or re-add an integration.

Any saved changes are immediately distributed and applied to all {agent}s enrolled in the given {policy}.

[discrete]
[[copy-policy]]
== Copy a policy

Policy definitions are stored in plain-text yaml that can be downloaded or copied to another policy:

. In {fleet}, click *Policies*.
Click on the name of the policy you want to copy or download.

. To copy a policy, click *Actions* > *Copy policy*.
Name the new policy, and provide a description.
The exact policy definition will be copied to the new policy.
+
Alternatively, view and download the policy definition by clicking *Actions* > *View policy*.

[discrete]
[[policy-main-settings]]
== Edit or delete a policy

High-level configurations like a policy's name, description, default namespace,
and agent monitoring status can be changed as necessary:

. In {fleet}, click *Policies*.
Click on the name of the policy you want to edit or delete.

. Click the *Settings* tab, make changes, and click *Save changes*
+
Alternatively, click *Delete policy* to delete the policy.
Existing data will not be deleted.

> Any agents assigned to a policy must be unenrolled before a policy can be deleted.

Author: we could make it more clear here with something like ...  "unenrolled, or simply assigned to a different policy, before a policy..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any agents assigned to a policy must be unenrolled or assigned to a different policy before a policy can be deleted.
```

it can cause different or unexpected / undesired behavior on the hosts, so care is taken to make it
explicit.  Once desired though, for step three, a user can create a new {policy} with the desired
Integration (this will use the newer available version) and for step four a user can apply it to the {agent},
as described in the {policy} management documentation above.  Step five consists of rolling out the change
to any further hosts desired, after the small trial is applied and deemed acceptable.
Elastic releases integration updates periodically.
Integrations are delivered to the Elastic Stack, via the online Elastic Package Registry
and the {kib} Elastic Package Manager. When a new Integration is released by Elastic,
it will show up in the Integrations listing in {kib} after a restart (like during a stack upgrade).
// to do: link to the Fleet API docs
A refresh can also be triggered manually, with the Fleet API.

[discrete]
[[integration-update-steps1]]
== How to update an Integration version in a {policy}

To check if a new Integration exists, follow the {policy} management documentation steps above to view

> a {policy} with the Integration whose version is to be compared against the available Integrations

Author: lol, this section is really rambly.  thanks for just taking it out.  i will have to look to see what we have in 7.13 and what is coming in terms of 'indicators' to help users know they need to update an integration.  it is an area we are improving, so the exact state is tbd until I go look at code and prs coming.
